[OSDC] Add PyTorch CI Docker base images (manylinux) with CUDA support (#7838)
pytorch/test-infra: docker/README.md

# aarch64 (on an aarch64 host, or with --platform)
docker build --build-arg BASE_IMAGE=quay.io/pypa/manylinux_2_34_aarch64 \
             --build-arg INSTALL_CUDA=1 \
             -t ciforge:cuda-aarch64 docker/
```

### Override NCCL / nvSHMEM versions

```bash
docker build --build-arg INSTALL_CUDA=1 \
             --build-arg NCCL_VERSION=v2.26.5-1 \
             --build-arg NVSHMEM_VERSION=3.3.9 \
             -t ciforge:cuda-custom docker/
```

## Verify a build

```bash
docker run --rm ciforge:cpu bash -c "gcc --version && clang --version && git --version && uv --version && sccache --version"
```

For CUDA builds:

```bash
# Verify all three toolkits are present
docker run --rm ciforge:cuda ls /usr/local/cu128/bin/nvcc /usr/local/cu129/bin/nvcc /usr/local/cu130/bin/nvcc

# Verify default symlink
docker run --rm ciforge:cuda readlink /usr/local/cuda   # /usr/local/cu130

# Verify default nvcc
docker run --rm ciforge:cuda nvcc --version   # CUDA 13.0

# Verify NCCL in each prefix
docker run --rm ciforge:cuda ls /usr/local/cu128/include/nccl.h /usr/local/cu129/include/nccl.h /usr/local/cu130/include/nccl.h
```

## CI workflow

> Images are built and published to `ghcr.io/pytorch/ciforge` by the GitHub Actions workflow in `.github/workflows/docker-build.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images are built and published to `ghcr.io/pytorch/test-infra` by the GitHub Actions workflow in `.github/workflows/docker-build.yml`.
```
